Hi there!

Seem like Hiro is offline again...

Haiz... He always spend time on video games instead of touching grass.

Anyway, I - Lilith - will be here to show you...

This is Hiro's Portfolio.

What do you want to know?

[Something about Hiro...]

Well basically, Hiro is a digital journalism student.

But most of his time was spent learning about technology, rather than journalism.

So, Hiro's grades in class were just enough to pass.

Oh, he also really likes playing games, especially anime gacha games.

He's a weeb, after all...

And some realistic First-Person Shooter games, i dont know why.

Maybe because his passion for guns?

Well, don't ask me why I just call him Hiro. He just don't want me reveal his real name.

[What's about his education?]

As I said, Hiro is a 3rd year digital journalism student at PTIT.

Only 1 more year and he will graduate.

You may ask why he choosing journalism? I don't know.

He never told me about that...

[His skills?]

Well, Hiro started learning programming in 2022, focusing on algorithms.

The first programming language he learnt is C++.

After trying to create some plugins and mods for Minecraft, he started learning Java...

But it's the basic, just enough to change aspects of the game.

Right now, he's learning about Python, kinda confuse at first.

Ah, I also know how to editing videos!

Sometimes, Hiro will create some video about his passion, like games, or technology.

He dont like using Premier like most people...

Because, well, you can't buy Adobe's softwares. You need to pay the subcription.

So, he choose Davinci Resolve, kinda free, if you don't need some professtional and AI features.

[Projects?]

Uhm... If you ask about coding projects...

Hiro used to create plugins for Minecraft Server...

But he lost the source code of those.

Right now, he has some projects on Modrinth and Github.

They're mods for Minecraft Fabric.

Not the same things with plugins, but you don't need to know about that too much.

Here's the link to Hiro's Github Profile, which contains all his coding projects.

And... As a video editor...

He actually has a Youtube Channel.

But there're just around over 100 people subscribed to his channel.

And it's not active right now...

He stoped uploading videos like, 6 months?

Lazy weeb huh...

[What's his future plan?]

About that...

Let me change the scene first.

Nothing too special, just a place that match the vibe.

*snap*

Well, Hiro's dream is becoming a Content creator.

Like some famous Youtubers on the Internet.

It's his biggest right now, but somehow he still have manage to have a backup plan.

That is Technician, like the IT guy in companies.

You know, he know A LOT 'bout technology... things.

Computer, smartphone, somethings like that.

Ah, Hiro used to think about becoming a Game developer.

But... even know how to actually code some projects...

He didn't think that a great idea...

Especially in this time.

[Ending]

Yeah... I think I'll give you the link to Hiro's old portfolio.

You can check out some other links in this page.

They lead to his Steam Profile, Github Profile, and even his Youtube Channel.

Ah, this a cake for you.

I have somethings think to do that he just gave me recently.

So yeah.

Bye!